document how to depend on an analyzer and add typed-ast-rules-example (#39)
returntocorp/docs: docs/pipelines/depending-on-analyzers.rst

Depending on Other Analyzers
============================

So you've looked around and identified an analyzer you'd like to depend on: great!

The next step is to add it as a dependency of your analyzer.

Declaring the Dependency
------------------------

In this example, we'll write an analyzer that uses a type-annotated AST produced by ``r2c/typed-ast`` and build some rules that use the type annotations.

We'll initialize an analyzer with ``r2c init`` and call it *typed-ast-rules-example*. Then we edit the ``analyzer.json`` to include ``r2c/typed-ast`` as a dependency:

.. literalinclude:: samples/typed-ast-rules-example/analyzer.json
    :linenos:
    :language: json

Analyzers are expected to follow `semantic versioning <https://semver.org/>`_.

> You can depend on a specific version, or on the latest with ``*``. For more details, see see :ref:`the manifest spec <analyzer_json_manifest_spec>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can depend on a specific version by writing it as a string. For more details, see see :ref:`the manifest spec <analyzer_json_manifest_spec>`.
```

I don't think we want people depending on `*`. It works, but it breaks determinism, and most other package managers encourage you to at least depend on `major.minor.*`... which we don't support.

Reviewer 2: we do support semver caret and tilde ranges like the following:
```
>>> Spec("~1.1.0").match(Version('1.1.2'))
True
>>> Spec("~1.1.0").match(Version('1.2.2'))
False
>>> Spec("^1.1.0").match(Version('1.2.2'))
True
```

Author: Resolved by moving the semver caret and tilde support notes to the manifest spec, and discouraging their use.

Using the Dependency
--------------------

We've declared the dependency--how do we actually use it?

The output of the previous analyzer stage (or stages--you can have multiple dependencies in your analyzer)
will be mounted into your container automatically. 

As a reminder, dependencies for analyzers are mounted into the container at ``/analysis/inputs``.

All dependency names must also be valid Linux filesystem paths; this enables r2c to mount each
dependency in a subfolder matching the org and analyzer name. For example, for the ``transpiler``

> analyzer published by ``r2c-cli``, specified in the dependency object as ``"r2c/transpiler": "1.0.0"``,

Reviewer 2: this part about r2c-cli is a little hard to understand and transpiler isn't something we've talked about before in the tutorial.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just as simple a change as: "For example, if a ``transpiler`` analyzer were published by you or someone else using ``r2c-cli``, you could depend on it by specifying it in the dependency object as ``"r2c/transpiler": "1.0.0"``"

Author: Edited to resolve!

its output will appear under ``/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler``.

This behavior is slightly different for filesystem type analyzers and JSON type analyzers. For
filesystem type analyzers, their input appears at that path. If ``r2c/transpiler`` is of type

> filesystem and writes a file named ``foo.bin`` to ``/analysis/output/output/``, then when depending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filesystem and writes a file named ``foo.bin`` to ``/analysis/output/fs/``, then when depending
```

> on ``r2c/tranpsiler``, that file would exist at ``/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler/foo.bin``. If on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on ``r2c/transpiler``, that file would exist at ``/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler/foo.bin``. If on
```

the other hand, ``r2c/transpiler`` is of type JSON and writes its output to
``/analysis/output/output.json``, that JSON file would exist at

> ``/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler.json``.

Reviewer: Is this true? I thought it'd be at `/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler/output.json`.

Reviewer 2: no, `/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler.json` is correct.

Depending on Other Analyzers
============================

So you've looked around and identified an analyzer you'd like to depend on: great!

The next step is to add it as a dependency of your analyzer.

Declaring the Dependency
------------------------

In this example, we'll write an analyzer that uses a type-annotated AST produced by ``r2c/typed-ast`` and build some rules that use the type annotations.

We'll initialize an analyzer with ``r2c init`` and call it *typed-ast-rules-example*. Then we edit the ``analyzer.json`` to include ``r2c/typed-ast`` as a dependency:

> .. literalinclude:: samples/typed-ast-rules-example/analyzer.json

Reviewer 3: You can select lines to highlight to draw the reader's attention to the relevant place. Let's do that here to make it very clear that it's the dependencies block with r2c/typed-ast (too much text otherwise to find it quickly / easily)

    :linenos:
    :language: json

Analyzers are expected to follow `semantic versioning <https://semver.org/>`_.
We highly recommend depending on a specific version to ensure your analyzer is deterministic.
Wildcard (``*``) and other major/minor version specifier are allowed, but discouraged: for more details, see see :ref:`the manifest spec <analyzer_json_manifest_spec>`.

Using the Dependency
--------------------

We've declared the dependency--how do we actually use it?

The output of the previous analyzer stage (or stages--you can have multiple dependencies in your analyzer)
will be mounted into your container automatically. 

As a reminder, dependencies for analyzers are mounted into the container at ``/analysis/inputs``.

All dependency names must also be valid Linux filesystem paths; this enables r2c to mount each
dependency in a subfolder matching the org and analyzer name. For example, if a transpiler analyzer
were published by you or someone else using r2c-cli, you could depend on it by specifying it in 
the dependency object as ``"r2c/transpiler": "1.0.0"``. Its output will appear under ``/analysis/inputs/r2c/transpiler``.

> This behavior is slightly different for filesystem type analyzers and JSON type analyzers. For

Reviewer 3: This is quite challenging to follow without a visual. Can we provide a file tree to orient the user and make it clear? Can we express the concept with fewer words, lot of state to manage as a reader 😬
